Date: 2023-03-16 17:36:05.480394, Sample size: 10,
Sources: ['BBC News - World', 'The Guardian', 'Deutsche Welle', 'Sydney Morning Herald - World', 'Al Jazeera – Breaking News, World News and Video from Al Jazeera']
US releases footage of Russian jet crashing into drone The US military says the jet hit the drone on Tuesday, causing it to later crash into the Black Sea.
frozenset({'Russian', 'US'})

Libya uranium: Missing barrels recovered, say eastern forces UN inspectors have been trying to locate about two and a half tonnes of uranium ore.
frozenset({'Libya'})

Why sleeper trains are being revived across Europe A number of rail operators are launching new sleeper train services across the continent.
frozenset({'Europe'})

Hanging the mic up after 30 years of covering Liberia The BBC's Jonathan Paye-Layleh is retiring after covering Liberia for three tumultuous decades.
frozenset({'Liberia', 'Liberia BBC Jonathan Paye Layleh'})

Eric Garcetti: US envoy to India confirmed after two-year battle Eric Garcetti had been accused of ignoring claims of sexual harassment while Los Angeles mayor.
frozenset({'Eric Garcetti', 'Los Angeles', 'Garcetti US', 'India', 'Eric'})

Watch the harrowing rescue of a man stuck in a flooded river US firefighters hoist him to safety as he clings on to a barrier in the flooded Los Angeles River.
frozenset({'Los Angeles', 'US', 'Watch'})

World's first octopus farm proposals alarm scientists Methods used on the Spanish farm would be "cruel" to such intelligent animals say experts, as details emerge.
frozenset({'Spanish', 'Methods'})

Evacuated Afghan women's team included 'false' footballers Women footballers evacuated to the UK included some who were not the top players it was claimed.
frozenset({'Afghan', 'UK'})

South Africa's long wait for justice over apartheid crimes Lukhanyo Calata remains determined to prosecute the security agents who killed his father 38 years ago.
frozenset({'Lukhanyo Calata', 'South', 'Africa'})

Napoli v Eintracht Frankfurt: Football fans throw chairs at Naples riot police Eintracht Frankfurt fans clash with police in Italy ahead of a Champions League match - despite a ban on their attendance.
frozenset({'Italy', 'Naples', 'Champions League', 'Eintracht Frankfurt', 'Eintracht Frankfurt Football', 'Napoli'})

US releases footage of Russian jet crashing into American drone over Black Sea Pentagon says video has been edited for length but shows events in sequential order  Russia-Ukraine war - latest news updates  A remarkable video released by the Pentagon shows the moments before a Russian fighter crashed into a $32m US Reaper drone after spraying it with jet fuel on Tuesday morning over the Black Sea. The declassified footage shows an Su-27 Flanker jet making two exceptionally close passes of the uncrewed drone, spraying fuel in front of it, a harassment tactic that US experts say has not been seen before.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Russia', 'American', 'Black Sea', 'Russian', 'Black Sea Pentagon', 'Pentagon', 'US', 'US Reaper'})

Brother of man executed by Saudi Arabia says F1 legitimises ‘heinous crimes’ Yasser al-Khayyat's brother one of 81 men executed on single day 'If you truly want to be an agent for change, end F1's silence'  The brother of a man executed by the Saudi Arabian authorities last year has accused Formula One of being complicit in "heinous crimes" perpetrated by the state, which he insists is using F1 to sportswash an increasingly oppressive crackdown on dissent. When F1 returns to the Jeddah circuit this weekend it will be just over a year since the Saudi state executed 81 men in one day , shortly before last year's grand prix. Afterwards the United Nations high commissioner for human rights, Michelle Bachelet, reported the UN believed that, of the 81 convicted of "terror offences", 41 were from the Shia minority who had taken part in anti-government protests, calling for greater political participation.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Saudi', 'Yasser', 'UN', 'Michelle Bachelet', 'F1', 'Brother', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Jeddah', 'Khayyat', 'Formula One', 'United Nations', 'Arabian'})

Jeremy Hunt’s ‘back to work’ budget The chancellor has put getting Britons back into work at the heart of his plan to grow the UK economy. But the danger signs are still flashing, reports Heather Stewart Jeremy Hunt delivered his first budget as chancellor and said he was "proving the doubters wrong", having inherited a dire economic outlook from his predecessor last autumn. But, despite an improvement, Britain's economy is still projected to contract this year and citizens are facing the deepest hit to their disposable incomes in their lifetimes.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Britain', 'Jeremy', 'UK', 'Britons', 'Heather Stewart Jeremy Hunt', 'Hunt'})

How the Iraq war altered US politics and led to the emergence of Trump The drive to war was fueled by partisanship and served as an accelerant to the extremism that led to Trump and the Capitol riot  Long shadow of US invasion of Iraq still looms over international order  Twenty years ago, Lt Col Karen Kwiatkowski was working as a desk officer in the Pentagon, when she became aware of a secretive new department called the Office of Special Plans. The OSP had been set up to produce the kind of intelligence that the Bush administration wanted to hear, about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction. Kwiatkowski, then age 42, saw first-hand how the disastrous war was confected.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Trump Capitol', 'Trump', 'OSP', 'Karen Kwiatkowski', 'Pentagon', 'Long', 'US', 'Bush', 'Kwiatkowski', 'Iraq'})

The right is stealthily working to remove Americans’ access to abortion medication | Moira Donegan A federal judge is poised to restrict mifepristone - even though the drug has been safely and effectively used in the US for more than 20 years This week a Republican-appointed federal judge weighed whether to grant an injunction that could remove mifepristone, the drug used in most American abortions, from the market nationwide. And the hearing almost happened in secret. US district court judge Matthew Kacsmaryk had initially planned to keep Wednesday's hearing in the case - in which a group of rightwing anti-abortion groups are suing the FDA to reverse its 20-year-old approval of mifepristone - quiet. In a conference call with lawyers for the anti-choice groups and the Department of Justice, Kacsmaryk asked attorneys not to disclose the existence of the hearing ("This is not a gag order," he said repeatedly), and said that the event would only be made public late on Tuesday to minimize popular awareness. "It may even be after business hours." The judge's courtroom in Amarillo, Texas, is hours away from any major city. It was only because of a press leak that the hearing was known to the public at all. Moira Donegan is a Guardian US columnist  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Donegan Guardian US', 'Matthew Kacsmaryk', 'American', 'Kacsmaryk', 'Amarillo Texas', 'Americans', 'Moira', 'US', 'Moira Donegan', 'FDA', 'Republican', 'Department'})

What are the Israeli protests about and what happens next? Hundreds of thousands of people have taken to the streets over plans to overhaul the judicial system Among a raft of far-reaching proposals from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's new government are plans to allow a simple majority of 61 in the 120-seat Knesset to override almost any supreme court rulings, and to allow politicians to appoint most of the justices to the bench. The changes are spearheaded not by the prime minister but by his Likud colleague Yariv Levin, the justice minister, and the Religious Zionist MK Simcha Rothman, who chairs the Knesset's law and justice committee.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Yariv Levin', 'Religious Zionist MK Simcha Rothman', 'Israeli', 'Benjamin Netanyahu', 'Knesset', 'Likud'})

How will you remember Pelé? The three-time World Cup winner has died in Brazil at the age of 82. What is his legacy and what did he mean to you? Pele, the only footballer in history to have won three World Cups, has died in hospital in Sao Paulo at the age of 82. He became a star in 1958, when he scored twice in the World Cup final at the age of 17, and he went on to become an icon of the game, perhaps its greatest ever player. What are your memories of Pele the man and Pele the footballer?  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Pele', 'Pel', 'Brazil'})

‘More meaningful connections’: will Spotify’s updates mean a proper payday for artists? The biggest ever update to Spotify's app is set to bring artists and fans closer together. But given the platform's longstanding lean-back experience, has the horse already bolted? Since its inception, Spotify has drawn criticism for helping to turn music from a cherished commodity into a utility. Critics argue that its all-you-can-eat monthly subscription doesn't encourage long-term engagement , while its uniform, blank presentation of an artist's catalogue reveals little of the hard work or distinct narrative behind any given release: the platform didn't display songwriting and production credits until 2018, 12 years after launch. Last week, Spotify announced its biggest ever interface overhaul, designed to address these issues. These updates, which are being rolled out to users in the UK in the coming weeks, include the ability for artists to add 30-second videos to their pages, target superfans with special releases, and give higher profile placement to merchandising and gig tickets. The biggest change comes in the form of a redesigned homepage featuring an endless feed of short-form videos, which looks strikingly similar to TikTok's feed.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'TikTok', 'Spotify'})

Polish court convicts activist for helping woman get abortion pills Justyna Wydrzynska sentenced to community service after telling court she sent pills to victim of domestic violence A court in Poland has convicted an activist for helping a pregnant woman access abortion pills, sentencing her to eight months of community service in a landmark case over abortion rights in the predominantly Catholic country . "I do not feel that I am facing the court alone," said Justyna Wydrzynska at the hearing on Tuesday. "Behind me are my friends and hundreds of women I have not had the luck to meet yet."  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Polish', 'Catholic', 'Justyna Wydrzynska', 'Poland'})

Sunak’s post-Brexit deal to face first hurdle in Commons next week MPs to vote on statutory instrument relating to Windsor framework's Stormont brake on Wednesday  Politics live - latest updates  Rishi Sunak's post-Brexit trade deal for Northern Ireland faces its first hurdle next week as MPs will vote on a key part of the arrangement. The full statutory instrument relating to the Stormont brake of the Windsor framework will be published on Monday before a vote in the Commons on Wednesday, the Commons leader, Penny Mordaunt, has confirmed. The mechanism will give the UK a veto over any new EU laws applying to trade in Northern Ireland.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Stormont', 'MPs', 'Windsor', 'Northern Ireland', 'Penny Mordaunt', 'Commons', 'Rishi Sunak', 'UK', 'EU', 'Sunak', 'Brexit'})

Germany's wind energy: Conservationists fear for forests Germany is counting on wind energy to help replace fossil fuels. But critics say massive investment in the sector is ignoring a different environmental crisis.
frozenset({'Germany'})

Japan ends export curbs on South Korea as relations thaw South Korean President Yoon Suk Yeol met with Japan's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in Tokyo. The two leaders have attempted to form a unified front amid regional tensions.
frozenset({'Yoon Suk Yeol', 'Japan', 'Fumio Kishida Tokyo', 'South Korea'})

How to combat winter droughts and water shortages Warmer winters and sparse rainfall have dried up southern Europe. Water scarcity in Italy, France and other countries is threatening this year's harvests. What to do?
frozenset({'Italy France', 'Europe'})

Ukraine updates: Kyiv adamant about defense of Bakhmut Ukrainian President Voldoymyr Zelenskyy says military commanders want to inflict "maximum damage" on Russia. Meanwhile, reporters witnessed the use of white phosphorus in eastern Ukraine. Follow DW for the latest.
frozenset({'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'Voldoymyr Zelenskyy', 'Bakhmut Ukrainian', 'Follow'})

Why the British are suddenly so strike-happy Double-digit inflation has spurred a wave of strikes across the UK not seen for 40 years. While French and German workers want to maintain standards, British workers are trying to get back what they've lost.
frozenset({'French', 'British', 'UK', 'German'})

Germany: Public transport strikes in parallel with climate protests Local public transport across much of Germany is not running amid a round of public sector strikes in six states. The climate change activist group Fridays for Future was planning parallel demonstrations as well.
frozenset({'Local', 'Public', 'Germany', 'Fridays Future'})

How Ireland's soccer players forced change and won a World Cup spot Canada, France and Spain are battling their own football federations months before the 2023 Women's World Cup. The fight was once familiar to Aine O'Gorman, but her Ireland team offer an example of how to move on.
frozenset({'Ireland', 'Canada France Spain', 'Aine Gorman Ireland'})

Hunt for 'red gold' corals pushes ecosystems to the brink A coral-smuggling business that has emerged around the Mediterranean is harming wildlife.
frozenset({'Hunt', 'Mediterranean'})

How NATO sees the recent Russian jet incidents While fallout between the US and Russia over the downing of a US drone continues, NATO is taking a cautious stance over the incidents involving Russian aircraft.
frozenset({'Russian', 'US', 'NATO'})

Going local: Why microadventures are all the rage Forget about trans-continental exploration and around-the-world-trips. You don't always need to travel far to find beautiful nature and leave your comfort zone.
frozenset()

UK bans TikTok from all government phones over spying capability The move is in response to growing concerns that users' sensitive data could be accessed by the authorities in Beijing.
frozenset({'TikTok', 'Beijing'})

110 people arrested over poisoning of Iranian school girls An MP on a government panel investigating the incidents said as many as 5000 students have complained of being sickened in 230 schools across 25 provinces.
frozenset({'Iranian'})

Scientists probe bird flu outbreak among seals on the coast of Maine Nearly half of the stranded 41 seals tested for the virus were infected with it, scientists say, as concerns grow the virus could spread more efficiently among mammals, potentially sparking a new pandemic.
frozenset({'Maine Nearly'})

Russian hackers preparing new cyber assault against Ukraine’s suppliers: Microsoft report A Russian hacking team, known as Sandworm, was testing "additional ransomware-style capabilities" that could be used on organisations helping Kyiv's war effort.
frozenset({'Russian', 'Ukraine', 'Microsoft', 'Sandworm'})

US tells TikTok’s Chinese owners sell up or get banned The move is the most dramatic in a series of recent steps by US officials who have raised fears that TikTok's US user data could be passed on to China.
frozenset({'US', 'TikTok US', 'TikTok Chinese', 'China'})

Pentagon releases video of Russian jet ‘dumping fuel on drone’ The Pentagon has released footage of what it says is a Russian aircraft conducting an unsafe intercept of a US Air Force surveillance drone in international airspace over the Black Sea.
frozenset({'Russian', 'Black Sea', 'US Air Force', 'Pentagon'})

Elon Musk brought high-speed internet to the Amazon. Criminals love it Illegal miners and those destroying the forest had to contend with bad access to the outside world. Not anymore.
frozenset({'Illegal', 'Amazon', 'Musk', 'Elon'})

US-Russia tensions remain high over downed military drone Top US and Russian officials have spoken about the downed American drone but tensions remain high
frozenset({'US', 'Top US Russian', 'American', 'Russia'})

Supporters try to prevent Imran Khan's arrest Former Pakistani prime minister Imran Khan is at the centre of wild clashes with police as his supporters try to prevent his arrest.
frozenset({'Imran Khan'})

Kremlin ‘planned political takeover of Moldova’ Leaked file reveals Vladimir Putin's plot to infiltrate the country's politics and media as an alternative to an invasion.
frozenset({'Vladimir Putin', 'Kremlin', 'Moldova Leaked'})

What lessons does Florida offer for Republicans and Democrats? The state has swung from Democrat to Republican in a matter of years. Is it a bellwether for the national stage in 2024?
frozenset({'Florida'})

El Salvador extends emergency powers in year-long gang crackdown Measures enjoy widespread support, but rights groups say they have led to arbitrary arrests and prison overcrowding.
frozenset()

Argentina’s ‘white gold’: Will its lithium boom end badly? How a battle over mineral resources in Argentina could determine the fight against global warming.
frozenset({'Argentina'})

Assad welcomes new Russian bases in Syria after Putin meeting The Syrian leader made the comments during a visit to Moscow, adding that Russia s presence should become permanent.
frozenset({'Russia', 'Moscow', 'Russian', 'Syrian', 'Assad', 'Syria'})

Yellen seeks to reassure US legislators after bank collapse Treasury chief tells lawmakers customers can feel confident that their deposits will be there when they need them .
frozenset({'Treasury', 'US', 'Yellen'})

Duda says Poland to send 4 MiG-29s to Ukraine ‘within days’ Poland to become first NATO member to meet Ukraine s increasingly urgent requests for fighter jets.
frozenset({'Poland', 'Ukraine', 'NATO', 'Duda'})

US releases video of Black Sea drone incident with Russian jet Pentagon says footage shows Russian Su-27 approaching the back of MQ-9 drone and beginning to release fuel as it passes.
frozenset({'Russian', 'US', 'Black Sea'})

Over 300 dead in Malawi, Mozambique as Cyclone Freddy losses pile The death toll after Cyclone Freddy is rising, even as hundreds remain missing and rescue services are slow to come.
frozenset({'Malawi Mozambique Cyclone Freddy', 'Cyclone Freddy'})

At Europe’s hostile borders, the smallest acts of kindness matter We should recognise and praise the few border security officers who offer a helping hand to asylum seekers.
frozenset({'Europe'})

Lebanon’s central bank chief appears before corruption hearing Riad Salameh had previously rejected the presence of European investigators at the hearing, causing it to be postponed.
frozenset({'Lebanon', 'European', 'Riad Salameh'})

