Date: 2023-03-16 17:30:04.206371, Sample size: 10,
Sources: ['Deutsche Welle', 'The Guardian', 'BBC News - World', 'Sydney Morning Herald - World', 'Al Jazeera – Breaking News, World News and Video from Al Jazeera']
Germany's Scholz seeks strengthening EU competitiveness At the German parliament, the chancellor presented Berlin's position before an EU summit next week in Brussels, saying competitiveness was the "prerequisite" for economic success.
frozenset({'Scholz', 'German', 'EU', 'Berlin', 'Germany'})

Credit Suisse to borrow $54 billion from Swiss central bank The move to borrow from the Swiss National Bank makes Credit Suisse the first major global bank to be extended such a lifeline since the 2008 global financial crisis.
frozenset({'Credit Suisse', 'Swiss National Bank', 'Swiss'})

Coral reefs: Why are they so important? Things don't look too good for coral reefs. They're suffering from bleaching, overfishing and are being cooked by warming oceans. But why does it matter?
frozenset({'Coral'})

Albania eyes tourist boom Albania seeks to scrub stereotypes of poverty, criminality and blood feuds to persuade tourists to visit. But can it exploit its natural and cultural treasures without wrecking its potential as an undiscovered gem?
frozenset({'Albania'})

Germany: 2 injured in Berlin shooting incident Berlin police say two people have been injured in a shooting incident in the western district of Charlottenburg.
frozenset({'Germany'})

Why Lizzo is an icon of body positivity The singer's music speaks for self-love, women's empowerment and loving your figure, whatever shape or size it might be. Here's how she rose to fame.
frozenset({'Lizzo'})

Anonymous tipoff failed to stop shooting in Hamburg After an anonymous tipoff, the gunman's apartment was raided by police. Authorities discovered 15 loaded magazines and more.
frozenset({'Hamburg', 'Anonymous'})

How Ireland's soccer players forced change and won a World Cup spot Canada, France and Spain are battling their own football federations months before the 2023 Women's World Cup. The fight was once familiar to Aine O'Gorman, but her Ireland team offer an example of how to move on.
frozenset({'Ireland', 'Canada France Spain', 'Aine Gorman Ireland'})

Champions League: Frankfurt, Napoli ultras clash despite ban After a series of legal wranglings and an attempt to ban away fans, Eintracht Frankfurt rejected their ticket allocation away at SSC Napoli. Several hundred Frankfurt ultras traveled to Naples anyway.
frozenset({'League Frankfurt Napoli', 'Naples', 'Eintracht Frankfurt', 'SSC Napoli'})

Age fraud: How African football is trying to combat it Accusations of age fraud constantly dog African footballers and are even used to explain failures to replicate youth success at senior level. African nations have a responsibility to ensure that data isn't manipulated.
frozenset({'Age', 'African'})

‘I kept begging for pain relief’: the women forced to give birth without gas and air Some hospitals are suspending supplies of gas and air, after it was found to pose health risks to midwives. What can be done to ensure pregnant women still get the help they need? When Leigh Milner was expecting her first baby, she knew exactly how she wanted her labour to go. Her birth plan included an epidural for the pain and she was hoping, she says ruefully, for "all the drugs". But that is not how things worked out. Milner, 33, a BBC presenter , ended up giving birth to Theo at Princess Alexandra hospital in Harlow last month with nothing but paracetamol for pain relief, in what she calls a positively "Victorian" experience. Having been induced at 38 weeks due to pre-eclampsia, a potentially risky pregnancy complication that causes high blood pressure, labour progressed very fast and she soon realised she needed something to help her cope while she waited for her epidural. "The pain was just unbearable, my whole body was shaking - I didn't know where I was, I was kind of slipping in and out of consciousness," she says.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Harlow', 'Alexandra', 'Leigh', 'BBC', 'Victorian', 'Milner'})

Sam Bankman-Fried received $2.2bn from FTX-linked entities, say court filings Ex-crypto poster boy and five of his inner circle transferred $3.2bn into personal accounts, allege new management Sam Bankman-Fried, a co-founder of FTX, received more than $2bn (PS1.7bn) from entities linked to the collapsed cryptocurrency exchange into his personal accounts, according to court filings. Bankman-Fried and five members of his inner circle transferred a total of $3.2bn into their personal accounts through "payments and loans", according to US bankruptcy court filings in Delaware made by FTX's new management.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'US', 'Bankman Fried', 'Sam', 'Delaware', 'Sam Bankman', 'Bankman', 'FTX'})

Fifa admits defeat over Saudi sponsorship of Women’s World Cup Infantino still keen on Saudi backing in women's game Women's World Cup prize fund up by 300% and equality targeted  Fifa has admitted defeat over plans to make Visit Saudi a major sponsor of this year's Women's World Cup in Australia and New Zealand after a huge backlash from organisers  and players . At the their congress in Kigali, Rwanda, Gianni Infantino, the Fifa president, said: "I can clarify that there were discussions with Visit Saudi. At the end this discussion didn't lead into a contract. How do you say it? It was a storm in a water glass. A storm in a teacup."  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Saudi', 'Fifa', 'Women', 'Australia New Zealand', 'Visit Saudi', 'Kigali Rwanda Gianni Infantino Fifa'})

Cheltenham day three: 33-1 Sire Du Berlais wins Stayers’ Hurdle – live updates Rachael Blackmore wins Ryanair Chase on Envoi Allen  'World's tallest jockey' aims to beat long odds  And you can contact Tony by email or Twitter  The punters have got a lot more right than they have wrong so far this week, with five more winners at single-figure odds on Wednesday to add to six on Tuesday, and there will be plenty of cash rolling over onto Mighty Potter in this opening event on day three. His stablemate Gerri Colombe was touched off in the three-mile novice on Wednesday, but Gordon Elliott's fans have not been deterred and his runner here was supported from odds-against to odds-on on Wednesday. Punters looking to oppose him at that price will probably alight on Appreciate It, lightly-raced since his devastating 24-length success in the 2021 Supreme Novice Hurdle and likely to be suited by the step up to this trip, while the form of Banbridge's 10-length second behind El Fabiolo in February was boosted when the winner followed up in Tuesday's Arkle. Balco Coastal could prove to be the best of the Brits, having finished close behind Gerri Colombe at Sandown in February, but this looks to be Mighty Potter's to lose.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Gordon Elliott', 'El Fabiolo', 'Appreciate', 'Gerri Colombe', 'Stayers Hurdle', 'Gerri Colombe Sandown', 'Rachael Blackmore', 'Coastal', 'Mighty Potter', 'Balco', 'Supreme', 'Tony', 'Ryanair Chase Envoi Allen', 'Cheltenham'})

Chelsea beginning to look more like what Graham Potter wants in a side | Karen Carney Manager has settled on a core group of players and should focus on next season rather than the league table It may sound funny, but Chelsea should not worry about their Premier League points tally for the rest of the season. Instead, they need to use this time to make sure they are ready to hit the ground running in August.  Graham Potter was appointed Chelsea manager in September and it has taken time to instil his culture and philosophy, but we are starting to see the green shoots. Football is a demanding environment and people want overnight success, but whenever a manager comes in he needs to learn about the players and vice versa.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Football', 'Graham Potter', 'Chelsea', 'Karen Carney Manager', 'Graham', 'Potter'})

A friendly face and Alpine beauty – readers’ best photos Click here to submit a picture for publication in these online galleries and/or on the Guardian letters page  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Click', 'Guardian'})

‘We deserve to know’: autopsy of ‘Cop City’ activist shot by police incomplete two months on Manuel Paez Teran's family says several other state agencies have also failed to release information regarding the death of the activist Attorneys for the family of Manuel Paez Teran, known as "Tortuguita", have disclosed to the Guardian that a local Georgia medical examiner's office has still not completed an autopsy of the 26-year-old nearly two months after the environmental activist was shot and killed by the police. Among the issues at stake in the high-profile case is the question of whether Teran fired a gun first at officers, although it remains unclear if the autopsy would provide this information. Paez Teran died as police raided a camp in a forest near Atlanta, Georgia, near the construction site of a huge police and fire department training facility known as "Cop City".  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Teran', 'Manuel Paez Teran', 'Cop City', 'Paez', 'Guardian', 'Tortuguita', 'Atlanta Georgia', 'Attorneys', 'Georgia'})

Russia-Ukraine war live: UN says Russia has committed ‘wide range’ of war crimes; Poland to transfer four MIG-29 planes to Ukraine War crimes in Ukraine include wilful killings, systematic torture and deportation of children, says UN report; Polish president says handover to come within days  Russia-Ukraine war at a glance  Suspilne correspondents are reporting that explosions have been heard in Kherson this morning.  Oleh Synyehubov , governor of Kharkiv , reports that the Russian military destroyed and damaged private houses and infrastructure facilities in two settlements in the Kharkiv region overnight. The claim has not been independently verified.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Russian', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'Suspilne', 'Poland', 'Synyehubov', 'Kharkiv', 'UN', 'Polish', 'Oleh', 'Kherson', 'Ukraine War'})

Quentin Tarantino’s next film is about a film critic: should I be scared? | Peter Bradshaw The director's last film is rumoured to centre on the life of New Yorker film writer Pauline Kael - if true, her 1970s face-off with Warren Beatty would make a thrilling plot line How intriguing to hear that Quentin Tarantino's new film is going to be about a film critic - the news has sent all of us in the film-critic community into a nervy tizzy of pre-emptive gags and warily dismissive tweets about what this means for the discourse. And The Movie Critic (a working title?) is reportedly to be Tarantino's final film, his signoff. It's no surprise that this fanatically encyclopaedic cinephile wanted this film to be set within the film world - but it's not about a movie actor or a movie producer or a movie director, but a movie critic , surely a hilariously marginal, impotent and parasitical figure, who deserves no more than a walk-on part at best? Well, the word is that this isn't just any old film critic, but one based on the most famous film critic of all - Pauline Kael , the New Yorker's legendary star. If true, it means that Tarantino faces the male-gaze challenge of creating a film around a woman who isn't sexualised in any way, an intellectual blackbelt who saw off condescension from entitled men, like rival critic Andrew Sarris with whom she clashed on the ostensible issue of auteurism, but also, she suspected, the issue of men having a hard time debating a woman. Pauline Kael isn't going to be putting her bare feet up on the car dashboard in this film. At least I don't think so.  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Bradshaw', 'Tarantino', 'Peter', 'Movie', 'Pauline Kael New Yorker', 'New Yorker', 'Pauline Kael', 'Warren Beatty', 'Andrew Sarris', 'Pauline', 'Quentin Tarantino', 'Kael', 'Quentin'})

You’ve got male: clandestine photos of men’s bodies – in pictures These images of bodybuilders and men in skimpy briefs were taken at a time when making and distributing homoerotic images was a criminal offence in Britain  Continue reading...
frozenset({'Britain'})

South Africa's long wait for justice over apartheid crimes Lukhanyo Calata remains determined to prosecute the security agents who killed his father 38 years ago.
frozenset({'South', 'Africa', 'Lukhanyo Calata'})

Libya uranium: Missing barrels recovered, say eastern forces UN inspectors have been trying to locate about two and a half tonnes of uranium ore.
frozenset({'Libya'})

Abhimaan: A Bollywood marital drama that's relevant even after 50 years Amitabh and Jaya Bachchan's iconic 1973 film Abhimaan continues to wow audiences even as it turns 50.
frozenset({'Amitabh Jaya Bachchan', 'Abhimaan', 'Bollywood'})

World's first octopus farm proposals alarm scientists Methods used on the Spanish farm would be "cruel" to such intelligent animals say experts, as details emerge.
frozenset({'Spanish', 'Methods'})

Fire at security building in Russia's Rostov-on-Don One person dies in the blaze in a federal security service building in the southern Russian city.
frozenset({'Russian', 'Russia', 'Rostov One', 'Fire'})

What is the Ukraine grain deal and what good has it done? Despite the war, Ukraine has been able to export 23 million tonnes of grain since July 2022.
frozenset({'Ukraine'})

Eric Garcetti: US envoy to India confirmed after two-year battle Eric Garcetti had been accused of ignoring claims of sexual harassment while Los Angeles mayor.
frozenset({'Garcetti US', 'Los Angeles', 'Eric', 'India', 'Eric Garcetti'})

Aukus submarine deal: Is conflict with China getting closer? Beijing has reacted with anger to the details of a UK, US and Australia defence pact known as Aukus.
frozenset({'Beijing', 'Aukus', 'China', 'UK US Australia'})

Cocaine production reaches record levels as new trafficking hubs emerge After Covid lockdowns hit both demand and supply, production is at record levels, the UN says.
frozenset({'Cocaine', 'Covid'})

Six held over alleged kidnap and torture of Sydney man Peter Vuong Police say the 26-year-old victim had teeth forcibly removed after being kidnapped for ransom.
frozenset({'Peter Vuong', 'Sydney'})

Gallery: The best photos from around the world Gallery: The best photos from around the world
frozenset({'Gallery'})

Pilot to land plane on Dubai skyscraper A daredevil pilot is set to land a plane on the top of a skyscraper in Dubai as part of an extreme Red Bull stunt.
frozenset({'Pilot', 'Red Bull', 'Dubai'})

Scientists probe bird flu outbreak among seals on the coast of Maine Nearly half of the stranded 41 seals tested for the virus were infected with it, scientists say, as concerns grow the virus could spread more efficiently among mammals, potentially sparking a new pandemic.
frozenset({'Maine Nearly'})

Cities hit by mass flooding in Turkey Cities that suffered from earthquakes have now been hit by mass flooding in Turkey's south-east.
frozenset({'Turkey', 'Turkey Cities'})

Chinese business tycoon arrested in $1.5 billion fraud conspiracy Guo Wengui has been accused of lying to hundreds of thousands of people before misappropriating hundreds of millions of dollars.
frozenset({'Chinese', 'Guo Wengui'})

‘Always more work to do’: South Korea proposes a 69-hour workweek South Koreans already toil more than many of their overseas counterparts. They work an average of 1915 hours a year, compared with 1791 hours for Americans and 1490 hours for the French.
frozenset({'South Koreans', 'Always', 'South Korea', 'French'})

Elon Musk brought high-speed internet to the Amazon. Criminals love it Illegal miners and those destroying the forest had to contend with bad access to the outside world. Not anymore.
frozenset({'Illegal', 'Amazon', 'Musk', 'Elon'})

110 people arrested over poisoning of Iranian school girls An MP on a government panel investigating the incidents said as many as 5000 students have complained of being sickened in 230 schools across 25 provinces.
frozenset({'Iranian'})

UK bans TikTok from all government phones over spying capability The move is in response to growing concerns that users' sensitive data could be accessed by the authorities in Beijing.
frozenset({'TikTok', 'Beijing'})

US-Russia tensions remain high over downed military drone Top US and Russian officials have spoken about the downed American drone but tensions remain high
frozenset({'US', 'Russia', 'Top US Russian', 'American'})

Lebanon’s central bank chief appears before corruption hearing Riad Salameh had previously rejected the presence of European investigators at the hearing, causing it to be postponed.
frozenset({'European', 'Riad Salameh', 'Lebanon'})

Son of long-serving Museveni to run for Uganda presidency in 2026 The outspoken army general seems intent on replacing his father, who has ruled Uganda for 37 years, as president.
frozenset({'Son', 'Museveni', 'Uganda'})

Where in the world can you have the longest retirement? As protests rage in France over pension reforms, we examine retirement ages and life expectancy around the world.
frozenset({'France'})

What lessons does Florida offer for Republicans and Democrats? The state has swung from Democrat to Republican in a matter of years. Is it a bellwether for the national stage in 2024?
frozenset({'Florida'})

Biden’s pick for World Bank president can’t fix its crisis Instead of curbing poverty, as its mission outlines, the bank entrenches inequality. Its US-led governance is to blame.
frozenset({'US', 'World Bank', 'Biden'})

Iraq: 20 years on from the US invasion | Start Here How the US invasion shaped Iraq.
frozenset({'US', 'Start US', 'Iraq'})

Photos: Ukraine holds Bakhmut as Russia attacks relentlessly Russian troops must go through Bakhmut to push deeper into eastern Donetsk, which Moscow seeks to control fully.
frozenset({'Russian', 'Bakhmut Russia', 'Donetsk Moscow', 'Bakhmut', 'Photos', 'Ukraine'})

US releases video of Black Sea drone incident with Russian jet Pentagon says footage shows Russian Su-27 approaching the back of MQ-9 drone and beginning to release fuel as it passes.
frozenset({'US', 'Black Sea', 'Russian'})

Unrest in Senegal as police clash with opposition supporters Ousmane Sonko, widely supported by many Senegalese youth, is facing trial this week in a civil libel case.
frozenset({'Ousmane Sonko', 'Unrest'})

Afraa, Syria’s ‘earthquake miracle’ baby, turns 40 days old At a time when Syrians traditionally celebrate babies and their mothers, Afraa is embraced by her aunt s family s love.
frozenset({'Afraa', 'Syria', 'Syrians'})

